256boss - a bootable launcher for 256byte intros
================================================

About
-----
256boss is a standalone USB-bootable operating system for running 256byte intros
without having to install DOS. It's based on the pcboot project:
https://github.com/jtsiomb/pcboot

256byte intro compos rapidly devolve into an emulated category on recent
demoparties, making dosbox into its own platform, due to the disproportionate
hassle of setting up a computer with MS-DOS or FreeDOS, just for the task of
running 256byte intros.

As a result of this emulationization of 256byte compos, signs are appearing of
entries requiring specific dosbox "cycles" to run properly, or using a wide
variety of sound hardware emulated by dosbox, without regard for what a
realistic compo PC would have, and having to contend with that like every other
category.

We at mindlapse demos feel this to be a travesty, and cannot allow this slippery
slope to continue. For this reason we decided to create 256boss: a simple and
painless way to run 256byte intros on real computers, without any hassle other
than inserting a USB stick, rebooting, and possibly selecting the USB stick from
a boot menu.

Use it to watch 256byte releases at home, or use it to run a 256byte compo at a
demoparty. Just create a FAT filesystem on the USB stick, copy every 256byte
intro you want onto it, and install 256boss on that USB stick by following our
simple installation instructions for each platform.

Project website: TODO
Source code repository: https://github.com/MindlapseDemos/256boss

License
-------
Copyright (C) 2019 John Tsiombikas <nuclear@member.fsf.org>

This program is free software, feel free to use, modify and/or redistribute it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 3, or at your option
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation. See COPYING for
details.

Download
--------
TODO

Setup instructions
------------------
TODO

Build instructions
------------------
Just type make.
